Make SDK API more Swift-friendly (#2201)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center

* **[Feature]** **[Breaking change]** Make SDK API more Swift-friendly. You can find the API updates in the [swift migration table](https://docs.microsoft.com/appcenter/sdk/getting-started/migration/apple-sdk-update#swift-api-changes).

> * **[Breaking change]** In order to avoid a naming conflict with classes in Apple's private frameworks, we now use "MSAC" prefix instead of "MS". Please follow the [migration guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/appcenter/sdk/getting-started/migration/apple-sdk-update) for adopting the new naming.

Reviewer: We don't need to go into details maybe just straight to
```suggestion
* **[Breaking change]** The App Center prefix `MS` in Objective-C is consolidated to `MSAC` for collision prevention. Please follow the [migration guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/appcenter/sdk/getting-started/migration/apple-sdk-update) for adopting the new naming.
```
